Release Notes CLI v1.14 (#2149)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-workspace-update.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro workspace update"
title: "astro workspace update"
id: astro-workspace-update
description: Reference documentation for astro workspace update.
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

Update an Astro Workspace. 

## Usage

```sh
astro workspace update <workspace-id> <options>
```

You can find a Workspace's ID by running `astro workspace list`. If you do not provide a Workspace ID, the CLI prompts you to pick from a list of Workspaces that you belong to in your current Organization. 

## Options

| Option            | Description                                                                                                                             | Valid Values  |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `--description`   | The description for the Workspace.                                                                                                      | Any string    |

> | `--enforce-ci-cd` | Determines whether users are required to deploy code to Deployments on a Workspace through a Workspace API token or Deployment API key. | `ON` or `OFF` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--enforce-ci-cd` | Determines whether users are required to use a Workspace API token or Deployment API key to deploy code. | `ON` or `OFF` |
```
